hey guys this is Chris with Cricut users
calm in the u.s. tech Channel today
we're looking at the nexus orb this is a
Qi enabled spelled Qi charger it allows
us to wirelessly charge Qi enabled
devices like the nexus 4 which it really
came out to a compliment I have this one
mounted in my vehicle I've changed from
the nokia dt 900 over to this one which
is a charging pad now all of these
things have various inputs the house
charger with this I mean it uses a
microUSB and the AC charger for your
home outputs 5 volts at 1.8 amps
I did try another charger that outputted
5 volts and just one amp and it still
works so right now I have it hooked into
my vehicle it comes out back around and
plugs into this which is just an output
of one amp I will go ahead and upgrade
that so I can get the maximum potential
out of this if it has an input of 1.8
amps it should be able to output at
least 1 amp which will charge most
phones at a normal rate here I have the
Verizon version of the galaxy note 2
we've added the Qi enabled receiver pad
so that it can be used with this of
course this does have a magnetic base it
comes ship with a little plastic wrap if
you're trying to use that to test it out
pretty much it will not stick at all
with that on it so go ahead and take
that wrapping off in the user manual it
says it supports two positions either a
vertical or horizontal you can see it's
charging right there we get the little
notification and you can go horizontal
and it would charge if I could fit this
huge behemoth of a phone in that
position
upside down depending on if you get it
just centered around that thing it would
probably work as well
this is really sticky around here this
rubberized piece in the center pretty
much all this is rubberized so with the
magnet
that rubberized piece I don't think I'll
have a problem with this flying off the
Mount this has like a rubberized TPU
cover on it right now as you can see so
this is a good solution for in vehicle
not as easy as the Nokia versions which
take a 12 volt input which you could
just wire directly to your vehicle so
you will have to have some kind of
adapter and it is a better solution than
the wcp 700 which is the version of the
LG charger that is sold at Verizon that
one takes an input voltage of 18 volts
this is made by LG or at least the box
says so I don't know if they out sourced
it but so for more information on things
like this please like this video and
subscribe to my youtube channel helps us
out a lot allows us to be able to make
these videos thanks